{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c100000;}
{\info
{\author pattid}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10140\viewh16500\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Module 3: Success Scavenger Hunt Assignment\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone Name: Alireza Barzin Zanganeh\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa60\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 Worth 20 points: 2 points each\
Submit completed assignment to: Module 3 Dropbox.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Students will need to review the Module 3 lecture in D2L, and the information and videos found at the following resources in order to respond to these questions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.pcc.edu/resources/advising/grad-plan/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 GradPlan}} 			{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.adobe.com/products/creativesuite/design-web-premium.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Adobe.com}}		\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1.	Please describe how a student should use the GradPlan tool.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Go to your My Courses tab then find Plan My Degree channel, you will find GradPlan mutton there. \
To access GRAD Plan, you must be currently enrolled and taking credit courses at PCC and access it. When you are inside GradPlan, usually your information\'97because you just logged-in\'97is ready there, if not, enter your G number and name. Then you have to choose Registration Checklist which show you your catalog year and information about the credit left to reach your goal. Or you choose student view which shows you a complete information about your studies, how many credit still needed and those with green checker means you passed them before and those you have this term. you can also use what if tab to check how would your path be if you want to get certain degree.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
2.	Why should students contact an academic advisor instead of using the GradPlan tool only by themselves?\
Because they need to prevent what happened to me! \
I just pick my courses through the website information and sources, and now I have difficulties in adjusting my left courses in next 3 terms. I did miss some prerequisites and also didn\'92t pick a course I need to finish my certificate in time.\
Today I figure out what should I do to turn it right with advisor.\
3.	Please contact one of the listed academic advisors or your instructor to set up an in-person meeting or email specific questions that you would like to discuss with this advisor. Advisor contact information is available in the Module 3 Lecture material. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs20 \cf0 	
\f0 If you communicate with the advisor or instructor via email, copy and paste the email thread here as evidence that this task was completed (note - please do not include a thread about setting up an appointment. Paste a thread if you have an advising discussion via email):\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 	
\f0 If you meet in person with an advisor or instructor, please indicate the date and time of your meeting and a few highlights of what was discussed:\
Monday Oct 17, 2016, 3:00 pm\
I told my advisor and instructor a breif story of my past educational history. Then I discuss what is my goal, then we start checking my passed credits and left one. I had some mistakes in taking the classes, so it took time my educational plan be arranged by my professional advisor/instructor.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 	
\f0 If you have already met with an advisor or instructor this term or in a prior term and have a working relationship with them, please indicate who your advisor is and where you are in the process of earning your certificate or degree. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 \
4.	Please describe your experience using the GradPlan tool. What did you learn about your academic progress that you did not know prior to using this too?\
\
5.	What computer will you use for this program? If it is your personal computer, please visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.adobe.com/products/photoshopextended/tech-specs.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Adobe.com}} to determine if your computer meets the requirements.  Did your computer meet these requirements? Do you plan to use the computer labs provided at each PCC campus? \
\
6.	How do you learn what software program is required for each class? Are all of the software programs free?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 You have all your passed and still needed credits on your finger tip. Also you can use what if to see the different paths would lead you. It is useful especially when it is about your catalog year.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 7.	What is an Open Source Software program?\
It refers to a software which is developed and tested through public collaboration and believed to be share with others, too.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul Please review the Adobe.com site to determine which program is used for the following:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone 8.	What software program is used to modify, edit and enhance images?\
\
Photoshop\
\
\
\
9.	What software program is used to create animation?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Flash which is change name to Adobe animate CC\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 10.	What software program is used to create web pages?\
\
Dreamweaver\
\
}