{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red217\green217\blue217;
\red109\green109\blue109;\red0\green0\blue233;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green98\blue147;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid3\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\author pattid}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28800\viewh18000\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 PCC Tool Scavenger Hunt Assignment\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone Name: \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa60\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 Worth 20 points: 2 points each\
Submit completed assignment to: Module 1 Dropbox.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Students will need to review Module 1 lecture, and the information and videos found at the following resources in order to respond to these questions. When you have completed your answers, save this file to your own computer and then upload it to the Dropbox:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.pcc.edu/resources/help-desk"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Student Help Desk}} 	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.pcc.edu/resources/help-desk/desire2learn/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 D2L Orientation Videos}}		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://support.blackboardcollaborate.com/ics/support/default.asp?deptID=8336&t"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Blackboard Collaborate Instructions }} \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl600\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1.	Please describe the process how a student may email their instructor using D2L.\

\f1 We have two different kind of Email here, xxx@edu.com and other one which can be accessed just through online class users and instructors and we can not send an email to @pcc.edu from D2L.\
When we are in  D2L, to reach Email, click on the envelop icon in the top minibar and select go to Email.Here you can compose a Email to your instructor\'97just leave the @pcc.edu, here we just use the first part of the user name. Usually instructors give the email address\
to us at the first day. There is another easier way to send an Email to the instructor or any other classmates through Classlist tab, just click it and you will see the list of all the people in your class, including your instructor. Simply click on t the name and send your message.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 2.	Students should be aware that some browsers do not support all of the features of D2L. Which browser software does PCC support in using D2L?\

\f1 The best one they suggest is firefox which support D2L perfectly. Chrome is another popular one, but has some known issue on their previous versions. Apple safari is another preferred one for mac users.  Just about IE, it is not recommended at all.\
\

\f0 3.	Please describe the process to submit an assignment to a specific dropbox on D2L.\

\f1 You have different ways to access the dropbox. The best known is to go through the dropbox\'97changed to assignment\'97tab and click it, you will see a list of the assignments that you will go through during the term. Choose the one you are supposed to send some file, and click on the \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Submission Folder name. It will guid you to the page that described the submission details such as the name of it, instruction, start and due date and the part we should use, submit files. \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Choose add file \cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 then click on upload tab and then select the file you want to submit in your local drive or flash. After you select it, click open. It will be uploaded to the D2L. Add other file if you have more. It is not finish, you should click on add Botton, then you can add your comment to it then push submit, it will ask for a confirmation. \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Now Click done \cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 and then give you a message that it submit successfully. Be sure you receive the confirmation message. \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 4.	Please describe how a student can read instructor comments of a graded assignment.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 When you get your grade, on the assignment page under the feedback column, you will see a message icon with the name view\'97with the sign that shown it is unread message\'97and if you click it, it will show you your submission plus the feedback from your instructor. You can see the feedback on the grades tab too. It does have a feedback column that shows it. Also, when you receive your grade, you would receive a message in the top minibar, too. It says, for example, your A1 assignment updated. your grade is 100%. if you click it, you will directed to the grades page with your feedback.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 5.	What is the purpose of FTP client software? Which FTP client does PCC support?\

\f1 	SWS is used by  different classes to provide a place or storage\'97best word, server area\'97 for us to 	share and upload our assignments and other files. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 We use secure file transfer protocol. the recommended one is FileZilla but help desk, today, suggest Fetch too.  \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 6.	Please describe the process to upload your files located on your computer to specific directories on the SWS server.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 Depend on using FileZilla or fetch the process is different. I used FileZilla all previous term but it doesn\'92t work now, so | use fetch.\
Anyhow, you first need to install ( or add app to your application in mac) to have access to the file transfer software or app. After that, you must have 4 important information:\
Hostname, User name, Password and port. Host name is sws.pcc.edu in this case. Username is generated from your name and date of birth, you can generate it here: http://sws.pcc.edu/calculator.html. your password is your full G number with capital G, and port number we use is 22. After you enter all this information into the form, use connect tab in front of it. (different software will have different interface but they serve the same purpose)\
You hopefully will be connected to the SWS server. ( if not you can always call help desk phone number, \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 971-722-8222)\
you will see two folders, student and instructors. in student folder find your class\'97for example, CAS101_stwatson_43238/\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \'97when you enter your class folder, find your user name and then you can upload your file, as your instructor instruct. To upload it in filezilla you can just drag and drop it. (in mac)\
I didn\'92t say actually how you upload your file. \
In filezilla, on the right hand you have your local drive and you can browse your file you want to upload. on the right side, you will find server folder after you go through steps we talk about. When your destination is set and find on the right side, you can use either drag and drop or transfer bottom on the top menu. \
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 7.	How do you locate your SWS server username and password?\
T
\f1 he best way to know it, as I mentioned, is to find it through http://sws.pcc.edu/calculator.html, but there are some tip we can use: enter the name which you registered by, enter your full name without space and your last name completely. ( it gives you some example in the page) and you should enter your date of birth too. your username is combination of your first name, made part of your last name( depend on the length, and\'97I think\'97your current age ( say that because mine is alirezabarzinzanga43)\
your password is your complete G number. (capital G)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 8.	Please describe how you verify that your work has been uploaded to the correct directory on the SWS.\

\f1 After you upload you file, go to the browser and go to http://sws.pcc.edu/student/\
then find your class\'97for example, CAS101_stwatson_43238/ which you will see it as:\
\

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth12540\trftsWidth3 \trmarl1570 \trmarr1570 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clcbpat4 \clwWidth1100\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalc \clcbpat4 \clwWidth3280\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clcbpat4 \clwWidth2200\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalc \clcbpat4 \clwWidth820\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 CAS101
\b0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://sws.pcc.edu/student/CAS101_stwatson_43238"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 \strokec6 Intro to Website Devel & Desig}}\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Susan Watson\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 43238\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 so click on the course name link, now find your user name, there should be the folders that you upload to the server. Go inside them and find and check your files. they should work properly, otherwise they didn\'92t upload well and you should do upload again.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 9.	After reading the Module 1 lecture, please describe how you will manage your files for each course that you are enrolled.\

\f1 To be honest, I did as you said for second term. I have a PCC folder in my computer. In this folder, you will see two folder till now, summer2016 and fall2016 which contain the classes I had(have) each term. In fall2016, there are folders by name: cas101, cas110, cas213, cis133j, ba205. In cas101, for each module, I will have a folder by name module1, module2 , and in each of them up to the number of assignment I will have well-chose name folders.\
I will have send them to the github to have a copy in cloud.\

\f0 \
10.	Please describe the purpose of the Online Room.  How do you know if your computer has the correct system requirements to use this software? What message will you receive?\
\pard\tx941\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 It is a platform that you can use it and have online sessions inside D2L. These can be visual by using webcam\'97like web conference\'97or just voice or message. We can use it for classes to setup an online office hour. Through this platform you can share file with other and with your instructor and in a nut shell, have a virtual class.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 When you install blackboard app and run it in your browser, on this page:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en-us.help.blackboard.com/Collaborate/v12/Participant/000_Get_Started"}}{\fldrslt http://en-us.help.blackboard.com/Collaborate/v12/Participant/000_Get_Started}}\
you can find this link easily:\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sl480\sa80\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl2
\b \cf3 \cb7 	1- \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Check your system requirements
\b0 . To see the requirements, visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://blackboard.secure.force.com/apex/publickbarticleview?id=kAB700000008P8m"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \strokec8 Web Conferencing System Requirements}} (available in English only).\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
on this link, you will find a table that you can check your computer vs. your browser and see if your system is certified and compatible or not. If you use firefox, you are mostly ok.\
To be honest, this question is a little fussy, I don\'92t know how much should I talk about. But if you mean how it check your internet connection, audio and video and microphone, on the same page I just talk about ( {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en-us.help.blackboard.com/Collaborate/v12/Participant/000_Get_Started"}}{\fldrslt http://en-us.help.blackboard.com/Collaborate/v12/Participant/000_Get_Started}}) there is a link to: 
\f0\fs32 \cf8 \cb7 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en-us.help.blackboard.com/Collaborate/v12/Participant/050_Configure_Your_Session"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs22 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec8 Configure Your Session}}
\fs22 \cf3 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \

\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 If you follow this link, you can set up your device as you want to use it. Go to \'93link Get Set Up\'94 and you can set your connection speed, check your audio and video and mic.\
\
}