{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;\f2\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red119\green119\blue204;
\red102\green102\blue102;\red191\green191\blue191;\red5\green99\blue193;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{lower-alpha\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{lower-alpha\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{lower-alpha\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
{\info
{\author Alireza Barzin Zanganeh}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28800\viewh18000\viewkind1\viewscale163
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Module 2: Course Resources Scavenger Hunt Assignment\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone Name: \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-720\sa60\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 Worth 20 points: 2 points each\
Submit completed assignment to: Module 2 Dropbox.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Students will need to review Module2 lecture, and the information found at the following resources in order to respond to these questions:\
\pard\tx2430\tx5850\pardeftab720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.pcc.edu/about/catalog/cas.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 CAS/OS Program Catalog}}	 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://spot.pcc.edu/~pdeangel/cas101/module2/Certificateweb_program_final.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Certificate/Degree Course Overview}}	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.pcc.edu/programs/computer-applications/website-dev/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2  Website Devel. & Design Program}} \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1.	The Website Development and Design program is an interdisciplinary degree. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 a-
\f2 	
\f0 What are the main three \ul departments\ulnone  that offer courses for this program?  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf0 The Computer Applications/Office Systems(CAS/OS), Computer Information Systems (CIS) and Multimedia (MM) \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \

\f1 b-
\f2 	
\f0 If a student is interested in development focus area, what department would the majority of their courses originate from?\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf0 Development skills, they will select a focus area that includes courses within the Computer Information Systems department
\fs32 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 c-
\f2 	
\f0 If a student is interested in design focus area, what department would the majority of their courses originate from?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf0 Multimedia (MM)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 2.	Please describe what a focus area is.  Why is it important to select a focus area early in the program?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf0 It means what area we plan to work in, back-end or front-end or even a full stack. If we pursue to work in development area, it means we should focus on learning how to program and code, so we should choose our path and credits in a way that fulfill this goal. To achieve our goal, we should go through certain courses in a line\'97with prerequisite credits in row which we should take one after another\'97and if we want to choose design path, there are different courses in line\'97mostly graphics and multimedia. If we start late, we cannot fulfill our goal with limited credit and time.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 3.	Please differentiate between the type of skills and tasks performed by web developers and designers. At this point, which area sounds most interesting you\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf0 web developer: they work mostly in back-end, focusing on plan, build and manage a given website. The job title could be from product and project managers to writers, designers, information architects, programmer, and database administrators. They should be problem solver, ready to work for long hours. They debug, code and test the websites on and on.\
Designer: They mostly work in front-end and focus on user interfaces, design of a web page or app. They have a combination of artist and graphic designer with HTML and CSS and JS & PHP.\
I am pursuing to be a full stack, but I am a developer with a good managerial skill.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 4.	Please visit the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.indeed.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Indeed website}}, and locate one web development or design position that sounds interesting. Please copy and paste the job description here, AND then answer the following questions: \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs28 \cf0 Jr Web Developer (Full Time)
\b0 \'a0\uc0\u8232 Creative Circle\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.indeed.com/cmp/Creative-Circle/reviews%22%20%5Ct%20%22_blank"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 86 reviews}}\'a0-\cf5 Portland, OR\cf0 \'a0\uc0\u8232 $45,000 - $55,000 a year\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clcbpat1 \clwWidth10320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 A digital marketing agency is looking for a Jr Web Developer to join their team full time! Looking for the perfect developer who understands email drip campaigns (HubSpot, Eloqua, Marketo, MailChimp).\'a0\uc0\u8232 \u8232 You will be:\'a0\u8232 - Developing and implementing digital marketing campaigns and web development projects\'a0\u8232 - Developing emails, landing pages, and Eloqua reports and templates\'a0\u8232 \u8232 You must have:\'a0\u8232 - 2+ years web development experience\'a0\u8232 - Experience coding and developing marketing automation and digital campaigns\'a0\u8232 - Proficiency with HTML, CSS, Eloqua (or other marketing platforms)\'a0\u8232 \u8232 This role is a full time, direct hire role and is an opportunity to join an agency that is growing nationally and has a solid reputation.\'a0\u8232 \u8232 Submit resume (and samples if applicable) to: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:por15@jobalert.creativecircle.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 por15@jobalert.creativecircle.com}}\
\
\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 a.	Where was it located? \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf0 Portland, OR\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs22 \cf0 b.	What skills were required?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf0 - email drip campaigns (HubSpot, Eloqua, Marketo, MailChimp)\
- Developing and implementing digital marketing campaigns and web development projects\'a0\
- Developing emails, landing pages, and Eloqua reports and templates\'a0\
- Proficiency with HTML, CSS, Eloqua (or other marketing platforms)\'a0\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 c.	What was the salary range? \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf0 $45,000 - $55,000 a year\
\pard\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\fs22 \cf0 d.	Why did you select this one? \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf0 They want Jr level.\
Location is near.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 5.	Please review the Program catalog, and select two courses that you are especially excited to learn the concepts presented. Please provide the course number, course name and why you selected these courses.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf0 \'93CAS\'a0225. PHP and MySQL for Designers. 4 Credits.\'94\
I am eager to learn more about server side. I self-studied about client side but I don\'92t know much about server side.\
\
\
\'93CIS\'a0233J. Java Programming II. 4 Credits.\'94\
Right now, I have java I and I have a goal to go through all three Java courses. I want to be expert in Java.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 6.	Please describe what the purpose of the CAS280W course is for students. How will you prepare to complete this requirement?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf0 This course provides field experience related to web site development. I want to take it in spring term\'97two terms from now\'97to have more knowledge and gain more of it. I am pretty excited about that class.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 7.	There are two CAS 181 courses.  What program software is used in each of the two courses? Which program interests you currently?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf0 For \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_management_system%22%20%5Co%20%22Content%20management%20system"}}{\fldrslt content management system}}\'a0(CMS) we have usually three options, but here is two: Drupal and Joomla ( The is the easiest one is WordPress)\
\
\'93Drupal is a powerful, developer friendly tool for building complex sites. it requires some expertise and experience to operate.\'94 (Wikipedia)\
\
\'93Joomla offers a platform between the developer-oriented, extensive capabilities of Drupal and the user-friendly but more complex site development options that WordPress offers.\'94 (Wikipedia)\
I prefer Drupal\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 8.	When a course offers two or more options in which to fulfill one of the core requirements, what should a student do before enrolling in one of these courses?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf0 Students need to carefully review each course description. One option typically is best for a student who is pursuing a development focus and the other is best for design focused students.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 9.	If students are currently completing one of the Website Development and Design certificates, can they complete the AAS degree? Please explain how they might move toward completing the AAS degree.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf0 I am actually pursuing\'a0web development and design certificate and thought about completing AAS and get it.\
Before this class, I tried to figure it out, but I couldn't find any vivid answer. I tried for answering here too but find nothing specific.\
I just figured out the Associate of Applied Science (AAS) degree is awarded to students in career technical programs who meet the requirements listed below:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 1.	Associate Degree Comprehensive Requirements\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Link to detail: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://catalog.pcc.edu/degreecertificateandcourseoverview/associatedegreecomprehensiverequirements/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 Comprehensive Requirement}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 2.	Associate of Applied Science Requirements\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Link to detail: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://catalog.pcc.edu/degreecertificateandcourseoverview/associateofappliedscienceaasdegreerequirements/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 Science Requirements}} \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Each of these, have their own requirement\'97which is too long and as you said you want to know we searched, I will put the link under each of them.\
I think, if you get a certificate and pass these requirements, you can get the rest and finish up with AAS. I read that PCC may not accept some of your pass credits and it is needed to get it again.\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri-720\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 10.	What three types of work environments do developers and designers work? Which one of these environments looks most appealing to you? (hint: see the module 2 lecture in D2L)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\f2\fs28 \cf0 \'a5	
\f3 large corporations or small businesses\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f2 \'a5	
\f3 the public and private sectors\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f2 \'a5	
\f3 self-employed contractors\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I prefer to work with start-up at first. There is two benefits. First you will do lot more compare to other places because they don\'92t have that much staff to separate tasks. So you learn more.\
Second, there is always a chance that start up become a great company. You may have a good fortune there.\
\
\
}