{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red242\green244\blue242;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh16500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 	
\fs36 Alireza Barzin Zanganeh\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs34 \cf2 	
\fs24 919 words
\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs48 \cf2 																	Is Righty Right?
\f0\fs34 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	
\fs28 It was Sunday afternoon. My eyes were struggling with the warm, delightful, sleep, and trying not to surrender. When the war between them comes to an end, my eyes lost the battle and rest down with the white flag. Suddenly I heard a very faded, blurry, sound. It was my right hand teasing my left one. At first, I thought I was dreaming, but it was an ongoing conversation between them. \'93 I don\'92t know why these stupid humans say that two part of the body have the same value. \'93 It was my right hand\'97I named it Righty\'97 reproaching the other hand \'97 I named the left-hand Lefty. I started eavesdropping their conversation and I found a bitterness in Righty\'92s voice. I decided first to intervene there talking and tell them about how important teamwork is and mention that they will suffer without each other. But more I heard, I become more amused and curious about their conversation.\
	\'93when we driving, It is me that taking care of the manual gear shift. It is me that adjusting the inside mirror. Even after these jobs, I come back to take care of the steering wheel. Mostly you are laying on the mom\'92s foot, and I do the driving\'92s duties all by myself.\'94 Righty implied with mortified tone. \'93 That is not totally true, I mean, you do a great job with those parts you just said, but I always adjust the outside mirror and take care of the wheel, it is a team work job. we can\'92t do it alone. especially when we want to go on a trip, we both take care of the loads.\'94 Lefty replied. \'93 You do the fun part, smoking and littering out of the window. You should be ashamed of yourself for not being a good citizen.\'94 Righty added. \'93 But I keep the butts for trash. I never dump butts in the street.\'94 Lefty answered with shame. \
	\'93What about when we are at home; whenever there is a hard fasten bolt, it is me that do the hard part. I always start sweating to open the bolt, or even if it is a can, it\'92s my fingernail that will hurt. Who going to hammer a long nail into the wall? It should be me that do the hammering. If there is a meat\'97 chicken or beef that should be cut into pieces, it is\'97 again, me who handle the knife. You are lazy, dude, don\'92t deny that. Lazy and second-hand citizen, who just rest and have fun when I work hard to do chores and other stuff needed to be done.\'94 Righty told these, proudly. Lefty was so embraced. It wasn\'92t her fault how the job to distribute among them. they don\'92t question the Authority. Lefty wants to help more, but all the chores are needed to be done in a teamwork. She replied \'93I told you, you do an amazing job. I really appreciate your company\'97 I really want to help more. When you want to open a bolt or can, I keep it firm for you to open it. During the time you are hammering, I risk my life to hold the nail for you, because I believe in you. I would hold the nail steady, without a doubt. It happened from time to time that you miss a stroke, but I never blame you for it, did I? when we are cutting meat, I always expose my neck under your blade\'97 keeping the meat steady, and trust you that you know what you are doing and you would take care of me. I am not lazy nor voluptuous\'97 I am always working side by side with you, even put my life at risk.\'94 She couldn\'92t hold it and started weeping. \
	\'93Don\'92t cry, it is not a good time.\'94 Righty said emotionlessly. \'93 The Authority is going to a date. We should be on alert. Actually, on second thought, I am not talking about you. you can continue whatever you do.\'94 He teased her, again with a devilish smile on his face. Somehow Righty was right. At the table, it was Righty who held the guy\'92s hand and rose the glass to make a toast. During these moments, Lefty just did the backup things and did her part during the dinner. Suddenly the guy knelt down in front of the Authority (she was me when I gave it a close look) and proposed marriage.Then everything happened so fast. Righty said\'94 Now, it is show time.\'94 he was Making himself ready to get his reward, but in front of his shocked face, It was Righty that went to the stage. The guy\'92s hands held her firmly and kissed her warmly. After a second, in the tears of joy from both parties, the guy put a diamond ring around Lefty\'92s waist. It is a precious sign of love that was given to her for her loyalty and teamwork.\
	Some big pillow tore my dream. It was my husband wearing his tie. \'93Get up sleepy. you don\'92t want to be late for today. If you wouldn\'92t be ready at the stage when they calling your name, they would think you decline your team\'92s prize and it would go to the second team in the row.\'94 He was laughing and pulling my leg. If I couldn\'92t be there in time, another team member would take it. Actually, this is the core meaning of a teamwork \'97There is no \'93I\'94 in \'93teamwork\'94. \
\'a0}