{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red191\green191\blue191;\red38\green38\blue38;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh16500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 WNB#1: Pre-Reading\
Step 1- Impressions based on title.\
	I think this essay is going to give us a picture about what a child could experience during his or her childhood in the USA.\
Step 2- Impressions based on first paragraph.\
	This essay is going to tell us a story about author\'92s childhood and would tell us some details which shape an american family.\
\
WNB#2: Seven Adjectives for Dillard's Mom\
She looked:\
1- Witty\
In the first three paragraphs, when they\'92ve been talking about \'93Terwilliger\'94 .\
In page 59, paragraph 9, when she cut clips from reels of talk.\
2- Smart\
In page 59, paragraph 13 & 14, when talking to his son.\
3- Unconstrained\
In page 61, paragraph 23, when she rolled deadpan down the hill.\
4-Unfulfilled\
As a total filling from the essay.She could do more in her life.\
5-Innovative\
In page 62, paragraph 30, when she glued a sandpaper to the side of the kitchen.\
6- Asserted\
In page 63, paragraph 34, when she would never cease to struggle.\
7- funny & Nutty & Peculiar\
In page 60, paragraph 21, when she pulled those couple\'92s leg.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 WNB#3: How to Summarize\
- Mention author, title, and genre in one or two sentence(s).\
- Explain what happens in 2 or 3 sentences.\
-State the big idea in one sentence.\
Summary of \'93An American Childhood\'94\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ri-9211\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 An American Childhood is the name of an essay, written by Annie Dillard\'97 the US writer\'97 in memoire genre. The writer tries to describe her childhood in interaction with her mother. The writer  talks about her mother\'92s influence on her family and how she tries to teach her how to live independently.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 this essay is about how she tries to imply this fact that no matter what the situation is, better or worse, anybody should react to the problems and each separately capable of taking stand for it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
WNB#4: Narration and Description
\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-13810\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 Read \'93narration\'94 5 and  \'93Description\'94 1\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Then answer these questions:\
1- What is narration?\
	Narration is \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
the action or process of narrating a story. It is story telling.\
2- In writing, what is the difference between showing and telling? use your own example.\
	Telling is just a statement. For example, \'93Jim is a good person\'94.\
	Showing is describing how thing or people are and reader come to the conclusion that we want. \
	For example, \'93Jim donate money to \'91NO to Cancer NGO\'92\'94.\
3- List 2 principles of good descriptive writing.\
	Objective Description:\
		It is primarily factual, omitting any attention to the writer, especially with regards to the writer's feelings. Imagine that a robotic camera is observing the subject; \
		such a camera has absolutely no attachment or reaction to what is being observed.\
	Subjective Description:\
		\cf0 words are positively or negatively charged, or \'93connotative,\'94 in that they do convey a good or bad impression of their subject.\
\
\
WNB#5: Brain storming for E1\
Think of 3 to 5 people to write about.\
	1- my mom \
	2- my wife\
	3- my dad\
Narrow list to 2 people, list 2 physical traits and two personality traits of each.\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2040\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7680\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7000\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 My mom\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 My dad\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2040\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7680\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7000\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Physical traits\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Always smelled good, Moving quickly to do things\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 always well dressed, good physical shape\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2040\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7680\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7000\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Personality traits\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Giving solution in hard times, sought natural and beautiful spots and admired it \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 introverted at home and outgoing with friends\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Choose one character:\
What is the big idea about that person?\
	Excessive sacrifice lead to unfulfillment.\
Describe a scene or situation that illustrates your character\'92s personality.\
	When I was born, she left her job to dedicate her full time and life to raise me and to the family.\
\
\
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 WNB#6: Seven Techniques for Revealing Character\
Dialogue: page 66 p2, between his mom and his wife\
Physical appearance: page 69 p20, when they arrived in Chester, his father\'92s physical situation was described.\
Body language: page 69 p20, when his dad patted his mother \'93Vaguely\'94.\
or, page 66 p4, \'93 his eyes were glittery\'94\
Action/habits: all over the essay, described his father as a drunk. \
setting: page 70 p22, when he talked about their toilet, or when he described the steel door.\
Response of others to main character: page 68 p15, his mother found lipstick in the car, we understand that his mother has known about his father\'92s fair before. I the scene she put his hand in warm water that is another one.\
Psychological analysis: page 66 p3, \'93 He was simply looking for steady work at decent pay\'94\
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 WNB#7: Titles for an Imaginary Essay\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Augusto, Franklin, 66 years old, Texas, 11 kids, standup comedian, bird watcher, 6\'925\'94 , buff chest long fingernail, hair to waist\
Person, Place, things: \'93Who\'92s coming from Texas\'94\
Name: \'93Another joke, Frank\'94\
Abstraction, Condition:\'94Texas hair in the wind\'94\
Description\'94Long hair, long smile\'94\
Action: \'94Laugh to life\'94\
Phrase: \'93 Birds, laugh and nothing\'94\
Quote: \'93Which one is the tenth?\'94\
\
WNB#8: Three kinds of fragments\
1- No subject\
2- No predicate (verb and ..)\
3- Dependent clause(subordinate clause)\
I		|	Exist 		in the space.\
Subject	|	Verb\
		|	Predicate\
predicate without subject is a fragment.\
relative pronouns: that, which, who\
The dog, 
\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 which is brown
\b0 \cf2 \ulnone , barked all night.\
this part is not important to the verb and subject just giving extra info, so we use comma.\
The dog that is white bite me.\
her it is necessary.\
example for dependent clause:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 If I am hungry\cf2 \ulnone . 	\cf2 \ul \ulc2 I eat.\cf2 \ulnone 	(Fragment)\
Subordinate		independent clause\
To solve:\
If I am hungry, I eat.\
or\
I eat if I am hungry.\
\
More examples:\
They sold their house. And moved into a anthill. (Fragment)		That is a scary creature. A big, mean moose. (Fragment)	\
To solve:\
They sold their house, and moved into a anthill.				That is a scary creature\'97 a big, mean moose. \
or\
They sold their house; they moved into a anthill.				That is a scary creature: a big, mean moose. \
\
Fragment test:\
If we use this sentence in the first, and it make sense, it is not a fragment. else, usually it is a fragment.\

\b\fs36 \cf2 I am convinced that \'85.
\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
Relative pronoun:  That		Which	Who\
Examples:\
The dog,\cf2 \ul \ulc2  which is brown\cf2 \ulnone , barked all night.\
This part is not necessary. It could be deleted or not, so we use comma after and before it.\
The dog \cf2 \ul \ulc2 that is white\cf2 \ulnone  bit me.\
We can not delete this part because it gives us important information about dog, so there is no comma.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 WNB#9: Three-Tiered Essay Structure\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7380\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth10780\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Layer\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Definition\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Where in Essay\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7380\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth10780\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Big Idea\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Thesis or main point\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Intro paragraph and concluding paragraph.\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7380\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth10780\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Supporting Ideas\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Thesis or main point of each body paragraph(Topic sentence).\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Typically first or last sentence but could be anywhere within the paragraph  \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7380\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth10780\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Evidence\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Sense details, example, sources, etc.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 In the middle of the body paragraph\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
WNB#10: Age 7 in America\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
WNB#11: Two Ways (two paragraphs)\
P1: How is this comparison essay organized and why?\
	I is a point by point comparison, because she compared two subjects, two sisters, from different aspects, then she compared each point about both of them and proceeded point by point.\
P2: What is the big idea?\
	Despite of all deferences between the way immigrants approaches, they hope to interact with the country that they have chosen to live.\
\
\cf4 WNB#12: Neat and Sloppy (two paragraphs)\
P1: How is this comparison essay organized and why?\
	 This one used subject by subject technique, she compared two group of people, two subjects, and in this comparison, she first, finished talking about sloppy people in all aspects she wanted, then \
	she started talking about neat people.\
P2: What is the big idea?\
\cf0 	You can find a moral reason behind every action. Even for fun.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}