{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\author pattid}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16620\viewh16140\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Module 4: Professionalism Scavenger Hunt Assignment\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa60\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 \ulnone Worth 20 points: 2 points each  Alireza Barzin Zanganeh\
Submit completed assignment to: Module 4Dropbox.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Students will need to review Module 4 lecture, and the information and videos found at the following resources in order to respond to these questions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.thetop10bestonlinebackup.com/cloud-storage"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Top 10 Best Online Backup Services}} 	\cf2 \ul \ulc2 How to Hire a Web Professional\cf0 \ulnone 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webstandards.org/action/smb/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul Web Standards-Small Business Outreach}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1.	Please describe why a professional portfolio is important to students graduating from this program.
\f1\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 		\
Future employers may see our projects which we have done during terms in several classes. When producing a compelling portfolio, if we showcase skills in a specific focus area, it may be offered more employment options.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 2.	Why should students consider creating personal branding when creating their portfolio, resume and LinkedIn presence?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 	It may allow our potential to stand out above other candidates. Personal branding is the 		way that we market ourselves in the world and it is never too early to consider our 		personal brand.\

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 3.	In CAS 285, you will create a portfolio or a comprehensive Design or development project. What classes\'92 final projects can be included in that portfolio? Please just list the course numbers here.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 CAS 111D Begin Web: Dreamweaver\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 CAS 181D, J or W CMS Website Creation\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 CAS 206 Principles of XHTML\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 CAS 208 Beginning Photoshop for the Web\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 CAS 213 JavaScript jQuery Designers or CIS 133W Javascript 1\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 CAS 215 Cascading Style Sheets and DHTML\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 CAS 222 Intermediate Website Creation\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 CAS 225 PHP and MySQL for Designers or CIS 195 PHP Web Development I\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 CAS 285 Capstone for Website Dev/Design Degree\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
4.	When students complete projects that will eventually be used in their portfolio, what should they consider when selecting topics for these projects?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	we should seriously ponder the topic of each project for each course we complete. Web 		employment recruiters suggest that projects that offer a solution to a business problem are 	received best by future employers. Showcasing ones' creativity provides insights to the 		capacity of a student's talents and students with the most compelling portfolios are more 		likely to have the best employment opportunities once we graduate.
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  
\f0\fs22 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 5.	What is cloud storage? Why should students consider using a cloud storage service to back-up their project artifacts?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 	It refers to storing data files on an Internet web server that can be accessed on any 			computer. In case of any damage to the hard memory of your personal computer or flash 		drive, it is the best way to back up our data and to back-up our work.
\f0\fs22 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 6.	Who is responsible for ensuring the project artifacts have been backed up for the student portfolios? \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 	It is the students' responsibility to keep their projects artifacts for the portfolio saved 		properly.\

\f0\fs22 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 7.	When getting ready to find a job, in addition to the portfolio or project created in the CAS285 capstone class, it is also recommended that students create the following:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 	Once we have a foundation-level skill set in web development and design, opportunities 		to assist a local business may be offered through the our own personal and professional 		networks.It is encouraged to find opportunities that may showcase the skills learned in 		this program to gain more real website development and design experiences.\

\f0\fs22 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 8.	Why is the Web Standards Organization reaching out to small businesses?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 	Small businesses drive our national economies and are responsible for millions of 			websites worldwide. Most small businesses are not aware of the technical aspects of web 		standards, but they do want to know what will save them money and help them run their 		businesses more efficiently.\

\f0\fs22 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 9.	Please review the How to Hire a Web Professional slideshow. Please state two \'93Wannabe\'94 characteristics you know that you want to avoid.\
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 	To be disorganized, promises immediate results, want to start designing right away\
	to be confident the design they come up with will \

\f0\fs22 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 10.	In your own words, please describe how showcasing your skills as a professional web developer or designer will improve employment options.\
\

\f2\fs24 This job\'97web development and design\'97is a mix of art and technic. You should have enough knowledge\'97and wisdom\'97plus a pinch of artistic view. When you want to market yourself, it is important to show some solid fact that you know what are you talking about, plus you will demonstrate your approach to solve a problem through your previous works.\
If you have enough evidence that you are an artist problem solver, then your chance to get a job goes high.}